Update the versioning docs with deprecation policy (#5223)
pulp/pulpcore: staging_docs/user/learn/pulp-versioning.md

# Pulp Versioning

Pulp uses a version scheme `x.y.z`, which is based on [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).
Briefly, `x.y.z` releases may only contain bugfixes (no features),
`x.y` releases may only contain backwards compatible changes (new features, bugfixes),
and `x` releases may break backwards compatibility.

!!! note
    In some rare cases, fixing a bug can only be done in a backwards incompatible way.
    This may happen in any release and even be backported.
    For obvious reasons we try to keep these cases to a minimum.

## Deprecation Policy for the Plugin API

> The plugin API is provided by the pulpcore package and not versioned independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin API is provided by the pulpcore package.
```

> However following the same backwards compatibility has not proven to be feasible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is not semantically versioned.
```

> We therefore employ a special deprecation policy for our plugins, were we announce certain breaking change releases to our plugin maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backwards incompatible Plugin API changes are released in batches.
The version of the release that contains such changes is announced well in advance. 
```

> By the time a breaking change release happens, we declare the version of the next one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right before a breaking change release, the version of the next breaking change release is announced. 
```

> It turned out to be customary to space these special releases by 15 y-releases, but this may be subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far, the breaking change releases have occurred every 15 y-release.
```

!!! note

>     For example, by the time of this writing, the last breaking change release has been `3.40` and the next will be `3.55.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, at the time of this writing, the last breaking change release was `3.40` and the next will be `3.55.0`.
```

>     So plugin writers should be safe to depend on e.g. `pulpcore>=3.42.0,<3.55` if depending on a feature introduced in `3.42.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    So plugins should be safe to depend on `pulpcore>=3.42.0,<3.55` if depending on a feature introduced in `3.42.0`.
```
